gh-116241: Add support of multiple inheritance with typing.NamedTuple (#31781)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2022-04-28-18-45-58.gh-issue-116241.hu9kRk.rst

> Add support of multiple inheritance with :class:`typing.NamedTuple`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add support for arbitrary multiple inheritance with :class:`typing.NamedTuple`.
```
